Check your build with System Information (#324)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-insider: wip/check-flighting-status.md

![Windows PowerShell running this command to check your version, highlighting that you're on Build 20211.](images/Powershell.jpg "Channels overview and how rings move to them.")

> ## Check your build with System Information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Check your build with system information

```

> Open Search and type System, hit the enter key. The System Information window will popup.It will show OS Name and the version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open search, enter System, and select the enter key. The System Information window will pop up. It will show the operating system name and version.

```
